---
title: diets_of_gnolls
---

They consume the meat of the fallen, because they do not waste good food. They do not kill their own in order to feed. The sacrifice is made willinging. Gnolls do often have a shaman in the larger tribes, there is generally not more than one at a time though. It seems their gods do not usually grant their powers to more than one gnoll in a single tribe at any given time. Gnolls have always been unable to manage arcane magic, but their shamans can become adept at some limited faith-powered magic. Because their deities are small, localized, not even reaching the status of lesser gods, the magic they can perform is limited to minor healing, minor protection, some minor offensive magic, some limited ability to help a harvest, some limited ways of enhancing their hunting ability. They are unable to perform greater miracles, such as, the book clearly states - weather control. Other examples of magic beyond their abilities are necromancy, major offensive spells, resurrection, raising the dead, walls of protection. Gnolls have no written language, and as of the writing of this book no one had ever encountered a gnoll who was able to learn to read or write any other written languages either. There are some instances in which an individual gnoll has left their tribe and lived among other races in cities. They make excellent guards due to their keen senses. Airrick is extremely surprised to have learned all of this. It is not at all in keeping with the gnolls they were ambushed by along the road. Something very suspicious is happening, indeed…